as a leader, I make sure that everything that I mentioned to them, that
there do's and dont's on base off base on this ship or not, Um, they
match with whatever the Navy policies are. If you're un deployment,
um, obviously is going to change. Uh, especially when you're talking
about, like, who can get a hotel with whom and what policies They're
gonna be in place like when you're in isolated areas on the ship
when you're back at home. Uh, the main thing that you have to worry
about is fraternization within, within the units and between the people
on the ship when you're outside of base. Then, um, like I tend
to let them live their civilian lives. Just make sure that you uphold
the Navy's core values. Honor, courage and commitment. Don't touch
anyone that you're not supposed to. Uh, maybe keep your words, um,
respectable, especially when you're going up the chain. You know when
you're talking to officers out out in the in the streets. But in
general, whatever the Navy says, that's what I Bye bye